Add notes about setting Airflow configs via env vars (#1997)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

- `os.getenv('AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>','<default-value>')`: This method is faster because it reduces the number of Airflow metadata database requests. However, it's less secure. Astronomer does not recommend using `os.getenv` with secret values because calling these values with the function can print them to your logs. 

    Replace `<default_value>` with a default value to use if Airflow can't find the environment variable. Typically, this is the value you defined for the environment variable in the Cloud UI. 

> ## Add Airflow configurations using environment variables
> Similarly to how you can set Airflow Connections and Variables using Environment Variables and the methods described above,
> you can also configure some core Airflow settings. As mentioned in [here](develop-project#unsupported-project-configurations),
> you cannot use `airflow.cfg` nor `airflow_local_settings.py` in an Astronomer Deployment. 
> 
> You can set Airflow Configuration settings via an environmental variable, such as: 
> ```dotenv
> AIRFLOW__CORE__PARALLELISM=64
> ```
> This would set Airflow's global task parallelism to 64.
> The [Configurations Reference page](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html) in Airflow has descriptions of all the Airflow Configuration settings and their Environment Variable key form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set Airflow configurations using environment variables

:::caution

Some Airflow configurations should not be overridden because of how Astro uses them. See [Global environment variables](platform-variables.md) for a list of all non-configurable environment variables.

:::

You can use Astro environment variables to set Airflow environment variables. 

For example, to set `AIRFLOW__CORE__PARALLELISM` in your Deployment, you would configure the following environment variable:

- **Key**: `AIRFLOW__CORE__PARALLELISM`
- **Value**: `64`

See the [ Airflow Configurations Reference](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html) for a list of all possible configurations.
```

- `os.getenv('AIRFLOW_VAR_<VAR_NAME>','<default-value>')`: This method is faster because it reduces the number of Airflow metadata database requests. However, it's less secure. Astronomer does not recommend using `os.getenv` with secret values because calling these values with the function can print them to your logs. 

    Replace `<default_value>` with a default value to use if Airflow can't find the environment variable. Typically, this is the value you defined for the environment variable in the Cloud UI. 

## Set Airflow configurations using environment variables

:::caution

> Some Airflow configurations should not be overridden because of how Astro uses them. See [Global environment variables](platform-variables.md) for a list of all non-configurable environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Airflow configurations should not be overridden because Astro already uses them. See [Global environment variables](platform-variables.md) for a list of all non-configurable environment variables.
```
